Last week I wrote down some words and prayed they made sense, and like most prays I'll never know if it did. Well this time I wanted to
focus my optimism to a section of land we designate to decisions made based on colour, looks and how they feel. No... we are not 
talking of a long abolished market where humans were bought/sold for being [Enter arbitrary racial difference here] but a shop. More
specifically a supermarket, one of those large ones children get lost in, old people get lost in and if honesty was allowed probably you
aswell got lost. Within its girthy aisles and monstrously high shelves which I bet have never felt a humans hand but nether the less have
items placed upon, leering at you in desparation as you pass it to decide between the army of liquids designed purely to stop you being able
to make those decisions in the first place. Its ok that four choices maximise enjoyment, there are shows based around giving 4 choices
and only one of them being right and even then they get them wrong. However this show would play out differently if at the beginning of every 
question the host sighed as he began reading out all the possibilities before reaching option MMI and retiring. Its just not realistic for
a human to fit that many variables when making a decision, so some have to go straight away. Blanket hate of pasta sauce has officially
entered your life, you have managed to abstain from being needlessly racist to your fellow man but by god if that pasta sauce isnt this exact 
color then god have mercy on us all.

Its not only how the shop manipulates you into blanket hate and racism which should make you curl up in horror though, ever noticed how as 
soon as you enter a supermarket of some kind you are immediately slapped in the face by what ever holiday it is appropriate to be celebrating.
Walk into a shop in easter and egg landmines are under your feat waiting to force ownership onto you, banny ears are looming over the entrance 
like some anxous drug addled peddler begging for release, or at christmas where all you hear is oh thats not santa thats one of his helpers... 
Santa forcing his work force to look like himself, it sounds so harmless because we are so used to these oppressed helpers that are helping out 
santa yet being forced (otherwise they cant help) to look exactly like him. If all facebook workers were made to look like Mark, well something.
I'm assuming to some degree though that it would be both disgraceful to someone and hilarious to another, however it could not happen because law
states so and law is law. Yet mythical santa can enforce such a rule and get sponsered by coke. These large inconveniences situation at the 
shops entrance just cause a nuisance and to a degree are slightly insulting, as if I didnt already know. If I didnt know by the time I entered
your shop to purchase which I'm assuming for most human beings alive is old enough to have experienced cohesivly 5 or so of these such holidays,
then I don't ever want to know about the strange looking bunny that makes chocolate ovals and leaves them in my back garden so I can have my children
locate and digest at will (which is an issue in itself). Also if its a cheap manipulation chain where my children get manipulated by the men in red
and start doing the same to myself in order to get your shop brand version of santa bites, then fuck off.

I heard a man say this, he was animated but manly in most ways, just dont think about it. It is the only way I can go shopping. Nothing else
will work