
For something that we need to exist due to reasons out of our control and so cemented in our reality that it would
take a catastrophic event to even dent the mentality that we observe on a daily bases, even though its completely
removed from how we instinctively live, they are detrimental to my health. These are commonly known as the ancestral brothers 
to hunting grounds, when men of cave would brace the weather unless they were on england where they held up in cave
because thats just a fact of life, bad weather is the only way you can stop an England. Of course they would also kill 
 animals first hand and trample the plants so they obviously were just plain evil, doing it without the aid of a factory 
 to humilate them just before they die by holding the animal by its hind legs and exocuting. I read recently on Sky news 
 that America, or more accurately a very small subset of Americans are upset because the lethal injection used is to expensive... 
 Why don't we just combite these two and everyone wins right?

Shops. I went in one, and with a great feat of self restrain managed to stay reasonably happy until the very end, where
I, with my wife operated a self service machine, everything seemed fine. Continuous loop of someone scanning, because we
are so incapable of doing anything without constant reassurance that what I'm doing is correct. Clearly if that continous 
loop was not there then after the third of fourth time an item is scanned I would forget, start pounding my chests and violently
roar like a gorilla... Not stopping until either I break or it works. Of course after this I told it I used my own bag, or did I.
I did use my own bag but the honour system in a society without honour is pointless. Jeremy Kyle would not exist on the honour
system, we would have no use for his righteous indignation of the liers that grace his seats with little in every department 
apart from a functioning body.

Now we come to pay, I'm sure you reading this are aware that there are points you earn from a supermarket in a thinly veiled
attempt to get you addicted to their style of own brand nonsense, it incentivises loyalty and creates a fan based mechanic
where your different points prove your favouritism to one store over the other. In basic terms, more ways a decision is made
for you so you can take less responsibility for the purchases you make which inevitably end up killing you with its processed
awesomeness in congealed jelly format. this machine, with its volume up so high it taunts the neigbouring shops with its 
incessive beaps of peoples purchases, decisively and braisenly blurts out "All your points Add up"... I truly believe they have given up, they dont even
try to hide the disdain for its customer base. Did you know that points add together, please take care and know that your points
work on an mechanic so advanced I need to let you know so you can understand what we are actually doing. As the number changes 
they could simply say "Mathematics" and all will be understood. Its almost as if now that you have travelled 
the long arbitrary path from veggie isle, sea life city, junk food jungle and landing at cemetary spirits, we simply just don't
want you here, pay and go away, were not trying to appease you because social convention will decide whether or not you put your
food back... And guess what, your not. Just imagine how rediculous you would look putting everything back, the shame... People
will think your poor, stupid and probably mentally unstable. 

They know you so well.

